README.md, before:

# coinbot

## install

Need python 3.6+, pip

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Set up your config file to include your slack & exchange API keys

## usage

```
# usage: python strategies/cron.py <config_file> <command one> <command two> <...>
# e.g.
python strategies/cron.py config.yaml update tick strengths
```

I have the bot processing (`update tick`) every 10 mins and displaying account info and strengths a couple times per day. All logging and error handling goes to a slack channel.

## actually trading

   * give your API key permission to make market trades
   * tell the bot about the BTC you want it to use to buy altcoins
   * the bot will only ever try and sell coins that it knows about, so if you have random altcoins in your account it won't touch them (or any BTC you don't tell it about)

```
python strategies/cron.py <your-config> ipython
# now inside ipython shell
acct.update('BTC', some-amount)
acct.save(sess)
Ctrl-D
python strategies/cron.py <your-config> account # verify it worked
```

## slack slash commands

if desired, you can run the webserver to hook up slack slash commands. you'll need to configure a new application inside your slack instance and point it at your webserver. once you do that you can do `/coinbot account` etc. to run the same cron commands inside your slack channel

```
python strategies/slash_commands.py config.yaml
```

Commit message:

add google sheets code to repo

README.md, after:

# coinbot

## install

Need python 3.6+, pip

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Set up your config file to include your slack & exchange API keys

## usage

```
# usage: python strategies/cron.py <config_file> <command one> <command two> <...>
# e.g.
python strategies/cron.py config.yaml update tick strengths
```

I have the bot processing (`update tick`) every 10 mins and displaying account info and strengths a couple times per day. All logging and error handling goes to a slack channel.

### google sheet dashboard

If you'd like, you can set up the bot to periodically send its balance up to a google doc. The code to power the web handler lives in `sheets/`

## actually trading

   * give your API key permission to make market trades
   * tell the bot about the BTC you want it to use to buy altcoins
   * the bot will only ever try and sell coins that it knows about, so if you have random altcoins in your account it won't touch them (or any BTC you don't tell it about)

```
python strategies/cron.py <your-config> ipython
# now inside ipython shell
acct.update('BTC', some-amount)
acct.save(sess)
Ctrl-D
python strategies/cron.py <your-config> account # verify it worked
```

## slack slash commands

if desired, you can run the webserver to hook up slack slash commands. you'll need to configure a new application inside your slack instance and point it at your webserver. once you do that you can do `/coinbot account` etc. to run the same cron commands inside your slack channel

```
python strategies/slash_commands.py config.yaml
```
